chore(http): Refresh headers ~[s->x] (#36862)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/proxy-authenticate/index.md

## Syntax

A comma-separated list of one or more authentication challenges:

```http
Proxy-Authenticate: <challenge>
```

Where a `<challenge>` is comprised of an `<auth-scheme>`, followed by an optional `<token68>` or a comma-separated list of `<auth-params>`:

```plain
challenge = <auth-scheme> <auth-param>, <auth-paramN>, …
challenge = <auth-scheme> <token68>
```

For example:

```http
Proxy-Authenticate: <auth-scheme>
Proxy-Authenticate: <auth-scheme> token68
Proxy-Authenticate: <auth-scheme> auth-param1=param-token1
Proxy-Authenticate: <auth-scheme> auth-param1=param-token1, …, auth-paramN=param-tokenN
```

> The presence of a token68 or authentication parameters depends on the selected `<auth-scheme>`.

Reviewer: Should token68 be styled/code?

Author: done in c13c2264441bcbc4795b3aca1241dc2d268a6f71

## Syntax

```plain

> Proxy-Authenticate = #challenge

Reviewer: ?
```suggestion
Proxy-Authenticate = challenge
```

Author: This is the usual spec (ABNF?) syntax for comma-separated list, but I think we can be more helpful / translate that a little. Incoming shortly

Author: improved in 91e93651810788beb388d2f7e2ca537ebc7dabf1

Reviewer: "The usual?". We don't use ABNF usually anywhere in MDN except in the CSS formal specs. Everything else gets expanded out as I understand.

It doesn't matter as long as we are consistent with this, and we are not.

```

Where a `challenge` has the following syntax:

```plain
challenge = <auth-scheme> [ 1*SP ( <token68> / #<auth-param> ) ]
```

The presence of `<token68>` and other authentication parameters depends on the selected `<auth-scheme>`.
For example, [Basic authentication](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Authentication#basic_authentication_scheme) requires a [realm](#realm), and allows for optional use of `charset` key, but does not support `<token68>`:

```http
Proxy-Authenticate: Basic realm="Dev", charset="UTF-8"
```

## Directives

- `<auth-scheme>`
  - : A case-insensitive token indicating the [Authentication scheme](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Authentication#authentication_schemes) used.
    Some of the more common types are [`Basic`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Authentication#basic_authentication_scheme), `Digest`, `Negotiate` and `AWS4-HMAC-SHA256`.
    IANA maintains a [list of authentication schemes](https://www.iana.org/assignments/http-authschemes/http-authschemes.xhtml), but there are other schemes offered by host services.
- `<token68>` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A token that may be useful for some schemes.
    The token allows the 66 unreserved URI characters plus a few others.

>     According to the specification, it can hold a {{glossary("base64")}}, base64url, base32, or base16 (hex) encoding, with or without padding, but excluding whitespace.

Reviewer: Probably redundant to say "according to the spec"
```suggestion
    The token can be {{glossary("base64")}}, base64url, base32, or base16 (hex) encoded, with or without padding, but excluding whitespace.
```

## Syntax

A comma-separated list of one or more authentication challenges:

```http
Proxy-Authenticate: <challenge>
```

Where a `<challenge>` is comprised of an `<auth-scheme>`, followed by an optional `<token68>` or a comma-separated list of `<auth-params>`:

```plain

> challenge = <auth-scheme> <auth-param>, <auth-paramN>, …

Reviewer: Web APIs templates multiples like this
```suggestion
challenge = <auth-scheme> <auth-param>, …, <auth-paramN>
```

Reviewer: FWIW otherwise is all much better.

Author: Also makes sense, happy to apply that convention here
